The features that I chose were as follows:

1. Whether the sentence contains the word "de".
2. Whether the length of the word of a sentence was greater than 11.
3. Whether a word of the sentence contained the letters "ui".
4. Whether a word of the sentence contained the letters "oo".
5. Whether a word of the sentence contained the letter "Q" or "q".

The first feature was chosen simply because the word "de" is not found in English, but in Dutch. So if a sentence has
this word, it is definitely a Dutch sentence.

The second feature was chosen because words in Dutch are usually very lengthy.

The third feature was chosen because the letters "ui" appears very rarely in English words, but a lot more common in
Dutch ones.

The fourth feature was chosen because the letters "oo" appears more frequently in Dutch words than in English, by a good
amount.

The final feature was chosen because the letter "q" is the least used in Dutch.


For the decision tree, I used the formula for the information gain to retrieve the information gain for each of the 5
features, then based on the feature with the best info gain (which became the root node), I retrieved the information
gain for the other 4 attributes, with the precondition that the best feature was either present or absent, etc, etc. I
decided for the maximum depth of the decision tree to be 4, because that is the standard across many videos that I've
tried to use to help me with this assignment. The output file format is always the same, but the content was dependent
on the test results. If the best attribute was 'Q', then it would go at the top, then if the best given Q is true was
the length, it would go on the left of Q, so on and so forth.


For the adaboost, I also used the formula for the information gain to retrieve the information gain for each of the 5
features, but I created stumps (tree with 3 attributes only) with the premise that each attribute was either true or
false, leading to a total of 5 stumps. Only 3 of the 5 stumps were really useful, because "ui" and "oo" did not give a
clear indicator of whether a sentence was English or Dutch.